Add known limitations to README (#209)
folio-org/mod-circulation: README.md

Requests include information from the item, including holdingsRecordId and instanceId.

> ## Known limitations

Reviewer: There is already a [known limitations](https://github.com/folio-org/mod-circulation/blob/master/README.md#known-limitations) section in the readme, please can this be combined together with that

Author: Sure, I'll move it here.

> * Tenant-selected timezone is supported only for check-out and renew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tenant-selected timezone is supported only for check-out and renewal (and not for overridden renewals or request creation) 
```

> * Patron notices are implemented for check-in and check-out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Patron notices are only implemented for check-in and check-out
```
